Favicons in Nitro5 are handled in a couple of places:

- `_Layout.cshtml` defines the three standard favicons routes
- `ManifestController.cs` defines the additional two routes used by the PWA
- `FaviconMiddleware` (in Avensia.Nitro5.SiteInfra) - responsible for serving the [themed] favicon from disk

Favicons should be placed under `src\Avensia.Shop\wwwroot\favicons` and should be named like this:
- `apple-touch-icon.png` (180x180)
- `favicon-192x192.png`
- `favicon-512x512.png`
- `favicon.ico` (32×32)
- `icon.svg`

### How to obtain favicons
Ideally you should get your customer's logo as svg, and then the other formats can be generated by an online tool such as [realfavicongenerator.net](https://realfavicongenerator.net/). Be sure to remove any formats not used.

### Themed favicons
If a theme is active, it will try to locate favicons under `src\Avensia.Shop\wwwroot\favicons\<theme-name>`

❗ Do note that _casing matters_, since DXP runs on Linux! The folder name must use the same casing, or else the files will not be found once deployed to DXP.

Example:

If you theme name is `"MyTheme"` in code, the favicons need to live in a folder `src\Avensia.Shop\wwwroot\favicons\MyTheme` (with that exact casing).

### Caching
Favicons will default be cached for 7 days in CloudFlare. There is no way to bust this, unless you clear the CloudFlare cache. So be careful when you add/change favicons and test them locally first. Do use "Disable cache" in Developer tools to make sure you get the latest version.

### Read more
https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/how-to-favicon-in-2021-six-files-that-fit-most-needs