[A-git](https://github.com/avensia/a-git) is a tool that will automate parts of the daunting task of creating release notes for nitro/nitro5. The script will generate **drafts** of changelog and release notes for a specific time period and for a specific product (e.g. nitro or nitro5).

- **Release notes** are intended to be read by **customers** and includes descriptions of PR:s 
- **Changelog** is indended to be read by **developers**, and is a somewhat abbreviated version of the release notes since it does not include any PR descriptions, only bullet lists with links to Github PR:s. It also displays involved package versions for all entries. The changelog draft generated by the script is manually appended to already existing CHANGELOG.md in e.g. nitro5's repository.

## How to run it
1. Get latest from https://github.com/avensia/a-git
2. Build solution
3. Get latest from all involved repositories first (e.g. nitro5+nitro5-packages or nitro+suite+scope).
4. Run `agit changelog <product> --since <date-from> --until <date-to> <heading> <basedir> <output-directory>`, example: `agit.exe changelog nitro5 --since 2025-10-01 --until 2025-11-02 "October 2025" c://kod c://kod//nitro5-releasenotes//release_notes`
   - `product` can be either nitro or nitro5 (or excite or excite-packages)
   - `heading` will be outputted as heading in relasenotes and changelog, use e.g. "October 2025"
   - `basedir` is path to where you keep your source code, e.g. if you have nitro5 in `c:/kod/nitro5` specify `c://kod` as basedir 
   - `output-directory` is path to the dir where changelog and releasenotes files are created by the script
   
## How to use it
The script reads info from the PRs, using stuff like PR title and labels on the PR.

### PR labels
Stuff to note about labels:
- Label `recommended-pick` will add the "recommended pick" ✴️ icon to the PR in the changelog
- The script uses PR labels to group the PRs into different headings in the changelog/release notes. 
   - Some labels have higher priority than others e.g. if a PR has e.g. both `esales4` and `bugfix` label it will be listed in a "Bug fixes" subsection in the "Voyado Engage 4" section.
   - See complete list of labels to use in [NitroChangeLogCreator.cs](https://github.com/avensia/a-git/blob/main/ChangeLogGeneration/Creators/NitroChangeLogCreator.cs). Some examples: `esales4`, `feature-experimentation`, `seo`, `security`, `editor-efficiency`
   - If no label corresponding to a section is found, the PR will be listed in "Not yet classificed" section. Fix these PRs and run script again until done :)

### Grouping PRs
Links to related PRs can be automatically generated by including a line with text "corresponding PR" or "corresponding commit" or "follow-up fixes" in the PR description, followed by a linebreak and a list with the links. For example on the PR in nitro you can do:

```
Corresponding PR in nitro5-packages:
- https://github.com/avensia/nitro5-packages/pull/XXX
```

or 
```
## Follow-up fixes
- https://github.com/avensia/nitro5/pull/XXX
- https://github.com/avensia/nitro5/pull/YYY
```

... which will add the "(+1)" or "(+1)(+2)" links on the nitro5 PR in release notes, and also prevent the nitro5-packages PR from being rendered as a separate item in release notes.

### Commits
Commits without any PR are included in the "Misc" section of the changelog. This section is usually manually deleted before publishing the changelog. You can manually move any relevant commits to another section before publishing the changelog.
